docs(data-migrator): move docs over to `docs.camunda.io` (#6552)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/guides/migrating-from-camunda-7/data-migrator/limitations.md

- How to prevent it:
  - Don't correlate messages or send signals during migration.
  - Temporarily adjust timer start events in event subprocesses to ensure they do not trigger during migration (see the section on timer events for more details).
  - If above suggestions are not feasible in your use case make sure service tasks are idempotent — so repeating them does not cause issues.

## History

The history migration has the following limitations.

### History cleanup

The history cleanup due date is migrated if the C7 instance has a removal time.

### Process instance

- Process instance migration doesn't populate the `parentElementInstanceKey` and `tree` fields.
- This means that the history of subprocesses and call activities is not linked to their parent
  process instance.
- As a result, you cannot query for the history of a subprocess or call activity using the
  parent process instance key.
- See https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/issues/5359

### Tenants

- C7's `null` tenant is migrated to C8's `<default>` tenant.
- All other `tenantId`s will be migrated as-is.

> - Read more about tenant handling in Camunda 8 [here](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/self-managed/concepts/multi-tenancy/#the-tenant-identifier).

Reviewer: 🔧 Adjust c8 tenancy link:
```suggestion
- Read more about tenant handling in Camunda 8 [here](/docs/self-managed/concepts/multi-tenancy.md#the-tenant-identifier).
```
